Fix two outdated facts in BUILDING.md (#356)
raspberrypi/picotool: BUILDING.md

You also need to install `libusb-1.0` if you want to use the USB functionality.

> > If libusb-1.0 is not installed, picotool still builds, but it omits all options that deal with managing a pico via USB (load, save, erase, verify, reboot, bdev). Builds that do not include USB support can be identified by running `picotool version`, which will state `This version of picotool was compiled without USB support. Some commands are not available.`. Additionally, the unsupported commands won't appear in the output of the help command, and if you attempt to execute an invalid command you will get an error message. The build output message `libUSB is not found - no USB support will be built` also appears in the build logs.

Reviewer: I think adding etc would be better, as this was already not an exhaustive list

```suggestion
> If libusb-1.0 is not installed, picotool still builds, but it omits all options that deal with managing a pico via USB (load, save, reboot, etc.). Builds that do not include USB support can be identified by running `picotool version`, which will state `This version of picotool was compiled without USB support. Some commands are not available.`. Additionally, the unsupported commands won't appear in the output of the help command, and if you attempt to execute an invalid command you will get an error message. The build output message `libUSB is not found - no USB support will be built` also appears in the build logs.
```

Reviewer 2: "a pico" should probably also be "a Pico".
